[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: One
of the great conundrums
is our widely misunderstood
notion of time
as it interfaces
with our reality,
including our ability to heal.
The truth is that you can
heal nearly instantly,
that you're not confined
to time nor space.
Bill McKenna is with us today
to explain the simple reality
that we can do what
appear to be miracles.
And I say appear to be,
because as you know,
once you start working
with basic principles that
do transcend time and space,
these aren't miracles anymore,
and anybody can do
this stuff, right?
>>BILL MCKENNA: Absolutely.
[LAUGH]
And by the end of
the program, you'll
be actually able to do it.
>>REGINA: And not only that,
at breakfast this morning,
I just overheard
you say you actually
taught the lady that was
waiting on you how to do this.
>>MCKENNA: I share it with
as many people as I can.
>>REGINA: That's because you're
irrepressibly thrilled that you
have come into this ability.
And we want to talk about how
this whole thing happened.
Because you had an
experience that really
kind of got you going.
Tell us just a thumbnail
sketch of what your life was
like before that,
what you were doing,
so people get a
feel of who you are.
>>MCKENNA: So thank you.
Thank you for having
me on, because I'm
very excited about doing this.
My life, I guess,
prior to 2008 is
kind of when I had my
awakening, if you will.
Very much motivated
in the physical realm.
You know, Black Bell helicopter
pilot and airplane pilot, and--
>>REGINA: The material
world was working for you.
>>MCKENNA: Very-- very material
and very focused, right?
And all the standard matrix
that one would think of,
I was going after
and accomplishing.
Around 2008, I had an
accident in Mexico.
I wrecked my yacht.
And it forced me to stop.
You know, when that happened,
I was just intuitive enough
to say, you know, God, this
has got to be for a reason,
because this is a
ridiculous accident.
>>REGINA: Did you hurt yourself?
>>MCKENNA: No, but I
sure did hurt the yacht.
That was-- yeah.
It stopped me for almost a year.
[LAUGHTER]
So none too happy.
So anyway, it stopped me.
There was a woman that
we had been on and off,
could never get along with.
It forced me to stop in
the town where she was at.
And basically, got
back together with her.
Really wanted to make
it work, and I really
wanted to kind of
understand her better.
In an effort to
understand her better,
I ended up noticing that
she was extremely intuitive.
Like, crazy amounts
of intuition.
I would say-- you know, we'd
play games, and I'd say, hey,
you know--
>>REGINA: What color
am I thinking of?
[LAUGH]
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
I said, what am I thinking of?
And she was like, um, it's an
orange, it's a fruit-- no, no.
It's a lemon.
And I was like, lemon.
I don't even like lemons.
I was thinking of a lemon.
You know, I don't
use lemons, nothing.
So I was like, wow.
Well, anyway, it was nonstop.
I mean, you name
it, it was nonstop.
And so anyway, I
thought, well, gosh.
Maybe that's it.
If I just understand what
it means to be intuitive,
I will be able to get along
better, and we'll get married.
And take you to the end.
Yes, we got married, had a baby.
It's all good.
So that's a happy ending.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
>>MCKENNA: So I started
getting a bunch of books.
I got maybe 15
books, and started
reading about
psychic development,
you know, and basics of that.
And I read one,
two, five, 10, 15.
And I started to
notice a pattern.
And the pattern
that I noticed was
that if you want to
have this ability, then
you need to forgive.
And I was like, you know,
that was the very last thing--
>>REGINA: And
that's interesting,
because you were talking
about a variety of books,
different authors,
different takes.
But this was a kind
of an emerging message
that tied them all together?
>>MCKENNA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
And now I knew it
was true, because I
had life experience that I
could see somebody doing this.
And it was no kidding, you know?
The odds of something, the
things they would come up with
are trillions to one.
So I was like, it's real.
And if they're saying I can have
access, and all I need to do
is just start to
forgive, you know--
uh, I don't want to.
You know, I was very much--
very resentful.
>>REGINA: Attached
to your resentments.
>>MCKENNA: Whoo!
Yeah.
You know, I was-- you
know, angry doesn't even
hardly describe it, you know?
I'm sorry to
everybody, by the way.
[LAUGHTER]
So these-- I started
forgiving, and reaching up
for kind of guidance.
And I was just ill
prepared for what happened.
I ended up becoming
very intuitive.
Enrolled in a school, you know--
>>REGINA: To enhance
it even more.
>>MCKENNA: Enhance it even more.
The Berkeley Psychic Institute.
There was a derivative
of it in San Diego
called Intuitive Insights.
And went through
all their programs
for a couple years
in record time,
and ended up teaching,
and read a lot of books.
Ran into people that
would be considered
masters, saints, like the
laws of physics no longer
apply-type people.
Like, I never would
have believed it,
but it actually happened.
Anyway, the next thing
that kind of happened
was that I ran into a
guy, Burt Goldman, who
I saw him basically
give a bottle of water
to a woman with fibromyalgia
that had it for 35 years.
And she drank the water and
she walked around a little bit,
and it was gone.
And I was like--
next day, I saw her
and I said, hey.
Is that-- are you really better?
And she was like, it's gone.
So anyway, about a
week later, I end up--
what I end up doing is
someone asked me, hey,
what did you learn
last weekend from Burt?
And I said, well,
this is what he did.
And he just basically saw
the person as perfect,
and then they were.
And I was like, whoa.
So it was incredible
to watch him.
He said, oh, why
don't you do it?
And I said, OK.
Has anybody got any pain?
And one guy stood up.
He was at a level eight
of pain in his lower back,
and had been there
for over a decade.
And I said, OK.
I did it.
And held the thought for about
three, four minutes or so.
And you know, I opened my eyes.
I said, oh, huh?
And he's like, it's gone.
I was like, whoa.
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Yeah.
As a newbie no
less, you did this.
Yeah.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
So I mean, that was
kind of the start of it.
But all the sudden, the
pieces of the puzzle
started to fit together.
All these things that
I had read from all
these different teachers,
all of the sudden,
the pieces of the puzzle
started to fit together in a way
that I could understand
the bigger picture,
and why it works, and
how to expand this.
And the first thing
that I went back to
is I had read the works of--
"The Power of Now."
>>REGINA: Right.
Eckhart Tolle.
>>MCKENNA: Eckhart Tolle, yes.
And I recalled, he talked about
that the ego represents itself
in three ways.
Either wanting,
thwarted wanting,
I didn't get what I
want, or indifference.
And I was like, OK.
And this methodology
of doing this healing,
it is where you're
unattached to an outcome.
And all these over here,
I started thinking about.
I was like, huh.
You're not watching anything,
you're not afraid of anything,
and you're certainly
not disinterested.
It also brought into
my understanding--
I had basically bought every
book that Dr. David Hawkins--
he passed away--
>>REGINA: "Power vs. Force."
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
"Power vs. Force."
>>REGINA: Were you using
his calibration method?
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
So you were already
that far along.
That's good.
Yeah.
Interesting.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
And so his-- and everybody can
look it up on the internet.
But it's basically as a chart,
levels of consciousness.
Zero to 1,000.
It starts off in the bottom.
Shame, guilt, humiliation.
One of the other pieces
of the puzzle that I
had come in and
filled it in for me
was all the "Power vs. Force,"
Dr. David Hawkins' works.
And he has a chart of the
levels of consciousness.
And levels of
consciousness also, I
was able to get
another understanding
of, what is a level
of consciousness?
And that is, it is
the understanding
that I've been able to
come to thus far in life.
So for me, that really worked,
where I now understood things
a little bit differently.
And my understanding of life
was kind of fear and anger
and, you know, the world
reflected in that way
back to me.
>>REGINA: Right.
Which is why you were having
problems with your sweetie pie.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
>>REGINA: Right.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MCKENNA: And a lot
of other problems.
So the work that he did was--
it starts off at shame, guilt,
humiliation, fear, anger,
and it goes on up.
80%-some or below a level
of 200, meaning that--
>>REGINA: Survival
consciousness.
>>MCKENNA: Survival
consciousness, everything's
in fear, and life happens
through some degree of force.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MCKENNA: Beyond that
there's forgiveness.
So I had accidentally
jumped into the mid 300s.
And what I had read about
was that at 540, there
was unconditional love.
And that level of
understanding, about 4/10
of 1% of the population
is at that level.
Over that, at around
560, is the realm
of saints that are
commonly called saints,
and that kind of
things that know--
the rules of physics
no longer apply.
You know, they're operating
in a different way,
and the miraculous
becomes commonplace.
So anyway, the way
this fit together
was that I realized that
anybody can access this.
And the access is
done through shifting
what I would call dimensions.
Third dimension is related to--
it's characterized, I should
say, by a conditional love.
It's characterized by
laws, rules, separation.
Our ego is an
absolute perfect fit.
If we go back to it, it's
wanting, thwarted wanting,
or indifference.
So I've got all this
separation going on
in the third dimension.
And also time.
Time, which I'm going to
get to later in the program,
is how to bend it.
It's because time in
the third dimension
is characterized by linear
time, one thing after the next.
But our particular focus
is either in the past
or in the future.
And with whatever happens right
now is kind of a reaction.
In the fourth and
fifth dimensions,
time starts to become
malleable, we're nonjudgmental,
and we're focused
on now, whatever's
going on in the present moment.
In the fifth dimension, it's
instantaneous, I think--
and it actually is.
So the neat thing about this
is that it's extraordinarily
simple to start to manipulate
matter in a positive way
when I jump to
unconditional love,
and some derivative of it.
A lot of people think,
oh, I could never
do unconditional love.
But really, what it is
is merely unconditional--
another word for it could
be unattached to an outcome.
That's all it is.
I have a positive feeling
unattached to an outcome.
I don't want anything, right?
Wanting is part of our
ego or [INAUDIBLE], right?
So what this does
is that we become--
have the ability to
actually affect a person
without them believing a thing.
And the reason
that this works is
because we jump into kind
of the common thread that
is between all of us.
You've heard God is love.
You've heard the universe
is love. you are love.
Well, actually, it's true.
>>REGINA: It's just that it's
not a sentimentalized version
of what we think of as love.
>>MCKENNA: Well,
sentimentalized version, right?
That is back down in our ego--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCKENNA: --meaning wanting.
That's why, unfortunately,
romantic love is
conditional, typically, right?
I want something from you.
If I don't get it, then you
know, whatever that want is,
there's wanting and
thwarted wanting
parts of that conditional love,
and therefore, third dimension.
And therefore, how many of
us have been in a romantic
relationship where we just want
so bad for the other person
to start behaving
right, and they don't.
Or it could be
anything in our lives,
whether it's a business
meeting or romantic love
or a condition in our life.
>>REGINA: But there's
an anxiety and fear
attached to the
wanting, and that's
going to skew your results.
>>MCKENNA: Which is
thwarted wanting.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCKENNA: Right?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>MCKENNA: Right.
So the way that we
can do a healing--
I don't know if
now's a good time
to talk about the
healing aspect of it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
We can go through and
talk about that now, yeah.
>>MCKENNA: OK.
All right.
So quite simply, all one needs
to do is a few easy steps.
The very first thing I
do is ask the person,
give me your pain on
a scale of one to 10.
And let's say their knee hurts
or they've got a headache.
And they're going to
say, oh, it's a seven.
OK.
Thank you.
By the way, I don't want you to
believe diddly ding dang dong.
Just, you've got a seven.
If it goes away, it goes away.
If it doesn't, it doesn't.
So all you do is you put
the tip of your tongue
to the roof of your mouth.
It closes an energy circuit.
You see the person as perfect.
They're happy.
You're not thinking
about their headache.
All you're thinking about
is they are perfect,
they're so blissful, and
you want absolutely nothing
from them.
You don't even want a thank
you, an acknowledgment.
You are just focused
on one thing,
and that is, they are in bliss.
And as you hold that thought,
you hold it for maybe,
if you can, maybe three,
four minutes, and then you
check in with them.
What is it now?
Oh, it'll be-- instead of the
seven, it'll be down to a five.
Hold it again for another
three or four minutes, and--
[SNAPS FINGERS]
--boom.
It'll be gone.
It'll walk it right down.
If you just get it
from a seven to a six,
you got it on the run,
and it'll be gone.
It'll be gone very soon.
There is another way
to do it, which I've
found is actually even quicker.
Meaning the results seem to
come even faster than me just
thinking it, and that is for me
to just see it in your water,
and see the water lit up, and
see you in that blissful state.
And then they drink the water.
Helps if they walk
around for a little bit.
And that actually, instead
of it being something like,
you know, seven minutes
or so, you know,
time is maybe one
or two minutes.
So very, very quick,
these things happen.
In my experience,
now, you know, I
stopped counting at about
1,000 people helping them.
And my experience is
that somewhere over 90%
of the time, this works.
There is a small percentage of
the time where it doesn't work.
It also-- some of the
people, it's permanent.
I'll check in with them
years later, and it's gone.
Some of them, it's 15 minutes.
So do I have a reason for it?
No.
I don't know.
But what I did find
was more effective
is setting the intention that
I want it to be permanent.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
And you know, the part
about nonattachment
is interesting,
because like you say,
you set up the mindset of the
person that you're working with
and say, you don't have
to believe any of this.
So they don't
particularly have--
necessarily have an
attachment to outcome.
Some may, some may not.
Some may want it
so badly, they do
have an attachment to outcome.
And what I'm hearing you say
is, regardless of their mindset,
your lack of
attachment to outcome
will override that and allow
the healing to take place.
>>MCKENNA: That's exactly it.
>>REGINA: Right.
And the way I describe it is
that because you in this higher
dimension, in this fourth
or fifth dimension,
and it's just being in
a state of seeing them
as blissful and
unattached to the outcome,
they will come to your--
the way that you see them
is what they will become.
It's absolutely amazing.
>>REGINA: It really is.
And the whole notion
of time, again,
the fact that this
happens so quickly,
if we look into the
higher aspect of what
we are as human beings, that
is a higher dimensional aspect.
No doubt about it, right?
It has amazing amounts of
intelligence and creativity,
and does create at
the speed of thought.
But we're encased in
the third dimension,
in the physical
realm as well, which
I think makes us such a unique
and interesting species,
this dichotomy squished into
one type of-- one being.
So the capability to be able to
switch gears from that survival
mode, that consciousness on
David Hawkins' scale of 200
and below and start reaching up
into the 300s, 400s, and 500s
is a direct reflection
of our ability
to move between kind of
the animal portion of life
and into the sublime
portion of who we are.
And the frustration that
people have in creation
is that it's not
happening fast enough.
No matter what you're
trying to create,
it's like, so slow on Earth
trying to create oftentimes.
But what you said is once
the thought is established,
once a clear intention
and thought, surrounded
with those emotions you talk
about, this unconditional love,
nonattachment are out there
and clear, it just takes time.
Sometimes it just takes time.
It may show up
slightly differently.
But you have already
begun creating
at the speed of thought, right?
>>MCKENNA: Correct.
Correct.
If you can do that,
you will start
to create very, very fast.
>>REGINA: And that's
create anything.
It doesn't matter what
you're trying to create.
This goes far beyond healing.
>>MCKENNA: Oh, absolutely.
The most ridiculous--
you know, it
gets more and more ridiculous.
As I have progressed
through this,
I've found it more and
more ridiculous and more
and more unbelievable.
But it's true.
It's actually true.
And what I would
say to the viewers
is that it's not true until
it's true in your experience.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MCKENNA: So actually
doing it, you'll
find out that this
thing is true.
One of the things that happened
is that during this, you know,
I discovered this
and put it together.
And I called a friend,
and I was like, hey.
Hey, you know-- he's
in a board of directors
of many big companies, public
companies and otherwise.
And I said, hey, you know, I can
do this, and I can teach this.
And it works.
I've taught classes,
and this works.
And he was like, eh, no.
People in--
>>REGINA: The corporate world.
>>MCKENNA: Corporate world, they
don't give a diddly ding ding
dong if you're--
>>REGINA: You're in pain.
>>MCKENNA: --you're in
pain, you've got a headache.
Get to work, you know?
And then I kept
thinking about it.
And my thought was,
well, what they
do care about is business--
>>REGINA: Productivity.
>>MCKENNA: --productivity,
business processes, profit.
Hey, is everybody getting along
so that things will actually
happen in the business?
But so often in businesses,
people are acting passive
aggressive, they're doing things
they shouldn't, they're stuck
in their thoughts, and they
cannot control themselves.
So this materially impacts
productivity and profitability.
One day I was up in
front of a group.
It was 30 people.
And I said, OK.
I'm going to try something out.
And by the way, again,
don't believe this--
you know, I told all
the crowd, I don't
want you to believe anything.
This is an experiment.
I had them all stand
up, and I said,
I want you to think
of the thing that
is the big problem for you.
You've got an emotional
problem, some stuck something
in your life that
is a big problem.
OK.
And sit down if and only if
that problem goes away or ceases
to exist or changes,
and you feel better.
I closed my eyes.
I saw everybody in the crowd as
absolutely perfect, peaceful,
at peace, content, happy.
I got tapped on the shoulder
about two and a half minutes
later.
And I opened my eyes.
All-- everybody in
the audience sat down.
And I was like, ooh!
Ooh!
[LAUGH]
I was like, hey.
Could you tell me
what happened to you?
And each one of them said--
>>REGINA: As their pain went
away, each one sat down.
Yeah.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
They all sat down.
And I asked them, hey,
what happened to you?
And one person was like, you
know, I started laughing,
because it was just stupid.
The next one, I saw
a new perspective,
and I know how to solve that.
Another one was, I couldn't
even think of it anymore.
I don't know what I
was thinking about.
And it went like that,
through the whole crowd.
So my point is that this
is useful in a business
environment, in your family.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MCKENNA: Can you imagine--
hey, Thanksgiving's coming up.
How would you like a
peaceful Thanksgiving, right?
It is a matter of just
seeing it that way
and holding it, and
not wanting anything.
I wanted nothing from anyone.
And that's what made it happen.
I didn't fear the outcome,
and I didn't want anything.
I just saw it that way.
>>REGINA: You know, that's
beautiful, and you're right.
Because you know, oftentimes,
we take better care of our pets
than we do our employees.
You know, the kind
of stress and strain
we put on our employees,
the lack of respect
that employees often go through
at the corporations they're
working with, not
feeling seen or heard.
I mean, a very
disempowering relationship
between the managers
or the owners often,
and the employees.
Maybe more often than not.
And so to me, for you to
use your skills in that way
and go into that environment
is just tremendously helpful,
because it also reduces
anxiety of people wanting
to go to work the next day too.
>>MCKENNA: Absolutely.
Can you imagine being
productive and at peace?
>>REGINA: Yeah, doing
that exact exercise
in a corporate environment
and see if all of them
were taught to see this
as a peaceful experience
that they could work within.
Can you imagine how
much more beautiful life
and everyday jobs would be?
>>MCKENNA: Absolutely.
And it can only--
presently, it really can only be
that way, the way it is today.
Because think about it.
I'm a boss.
I want something.
I didn't get what
I needed, right?
I need it.
I didn't get it.
Now I'm thinking about
what's your repercussions.
Or, hey.
I found out what Joe
Blow's making a year.
Wah, wah, wah.
Thwarted wanting.
>>REGINA: Thwarted
wanting, yeah.
And finally when all else
fails, absolute indifference.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
>>REGINA: I give up.
Whatever.
It's a paycheck.
But you know, and
a lot of people,
that's where a lot
of people end up.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So this is beautiful.
>>MCKENNA: It's empowering.
It's empowering and that
everybody-- this kind of leads
to some things around
religion, and that
is that we're all sitting
here-- you know, and I'm guilty.
I'm brought up Catholic, right?
Traditional Irish Catholic.
>>REGINA: You were
raised on guilt, like me.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: I was Lutheran.
I was raised on guilt too.
[LAUGH]
>>MCKENNA: So the whole thing
is like, please, please, please,
please, please.
It's outside of me.
Please.
But part of my understanding
through all my studying,
I found that when
people were saying, hey,
just ask for it in Jesus' name,
and it'll be given, actually,
in Aramaic, it's [ARAMAIC].
The word is, ask for
it in the method of.
>>REGINA: And what
was the method?
>>MCKENNA: The method of it,
and you'll see it in the Bible,
is that Jesus saw the
perfection in people
and had unconditional love.
Unconditional--
>>REGINA: And did not believe
in intermediaries of any kind,
including rabbis.
>>MCKENNA: Correct.
>>REGINA: Everyone has a direct
relationship with the divine.
>>MCKENNA: Right.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MCKENNA: And unconditional
was unattached to an outcome.
I saw perfection, I was
unattached to the outcome.
Boom.
It happens.
And so through that, just
that little piece, obviously,
it has enslaved
millions of people,
because they're looking at
it as, I'm not powerful.
I can't do it--
>>REGINA: But if
I use your name,
maybe I'm going to
get a better result.
[LAUGH]
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, I'm going
to ask for some help.
I'm not saying,
don't ask for help.
But I'm saying that you are way
more powerful than you think.
And people often
say that, but they
don't have a method
to get to it,
and here's a method
to get to it.
>>REGINA: Because we need
evidence and validation
in order for something
to become true for us.
And I'll tell you, the reason
I resonated with your story--
and we met a few years ago
through Sheila Gillette,
and Sheila channels
the THEO group.
We were talking about the work
you were doing at that time.
And then this kind of more--
well, you've had
a number of years
under your belt since
then in teaching
this particular method.
But in the interim, what
happened in my case--
and it could have even
happened before that--
another of our
interviewees, Steven Ross,
also knows this, right?
And he alluded to it, but didn't
talk about it in our interview.
But I heard him talk about
this thing, this little healing
thing that he does for
people when they need it.
And we were on other
subjects, so there
was no need to go
there at that moment,
but I didn't forget about it.
And it just lived in
the back of my mind.
So I was at an
event at his house
in the style of people that
are seers and in Sedona.
Regina, your guides
are telling my guides
I need to tell you it's
time to start healing again,
because I've had a lot of
experiences with healing
of others and such.
But I forget about it, and I
don't do it for years maybe.
I just forget about it.
And I said, OK.
Sure.
And I thought, I wonder
if it's that thing.
So that's a Saturday night.
On a Monday, I had this
feeling of deep urgency.
And I called him.
I said, Steven, when
can I learn the thing?
He said, come on over.
Dumped out a bag of
letters onto a floor.
Said, read as many or
as few as you like.
And it was, oh my God.
You know, they did the
MRI, the tumor's gone.
Thank you so much.
And these kinds
of letters, right?
And I thought, OK.
I had read about half a dozen.
I said, I get it.
What do I do?
He handed me a piece of paper
with one paragraph on it,
kind of like what you're
doing for everyone right now.
One paragraph.
And I looked at it.
OK.
Thank you.
And I left.
[LAUGH]
OK.
So the next morning,
I get a phone call,
and it was a very
dear friend of mine,
and she was having a stroke.
So her voice was slurred.
From what I could tell, her son
was on the way over to get her.
Her arm and leg was going,
and they were taking her
to the emergency room.
And I was scared.
And I thought, the
piece of paper.
Just do it.
So I went did the thing,
which is exactly what you're
talking about.
It is seeing the
perfected state.
And in my case, I added
another little layer
where I just, in
a flash of light,
blended that from the perfected
state into the moment, the now.
[WHOOSH]
Done.
Let go of outcome.
Let go of any attachment.
Don't think about it again.
And I did it.
I just followed directions.
And so I called
her phone, thinking
her son would answer about a
half an hour, an hour later,
and she answered.
She was totally normal.
And she said, my son saw
I was having a stroke.
All the symptoms went away, and
they can't find traces of it
in my blood.
Well, anyway, so I did
this a few more times,
helping people that
were in these dire--
another one was a
stroke, another one
was a very traumatic
thing that happened.
The person was
being air-vaced out,
and they were in the
helicopter when we did it.
And each time, it worked
just like you say.
It worked exactly
in that moment.
The symptoms
reversed themselves.
In the case of
another stroke, they
couldn't find the
markers in the blood,
but they still had to
recover their speech.
>>MCKENNA: Hmm.
Interesting.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So it wasn't
showing in the body,
but there was still an
effect, because there
had been a little damage
to the speech center.
>>MCKENNA: Right.
Right.
Wow.
Fantastic validation.
>>REGINA: That's why when you
and I were talking, I thought,
I've personally
been involved in it.
It absolutely works.
It is not complicated,
and it is instantaneous.
>>MCKENNA: Correct.
I had trepidation, right?
Years-- it took me years
to call you to say, OK.
Let's do this.
One of the reasons I
was able to call you
is because I had
the realization.
And the realization--
let me start
with when I first learned this,
I was like, you know what?
I can't teach anybody.
I could do it, but I
can't teach anybody,
because it's like giving a
nuclear bomb to somebody.
Imagine the power of this.
You can change things.
And so I was like, wow.
You know, it's
sacred information.
And it kind of goes back to the
Hermetic teachings, the Cabala.
All of these different teachings
had kind of veiled it over.
I had heard about it,
but it was veiled.
>>REGINA: And I understand
that, and that's
why I never speak about it,
because of this same thing.
Is it time?
Is it time for people to--
everyone to start doing this
on their own behalf and behalf
of others?
And the reason I wanted
to do this with you--
because I've had
the same concern--
is that I believe
the time has arrived.
But let's talk about the
caveat you were about to say.
>>MCKENNA: Well, you're right.
The time is here
and now for this.
And the big thing was the
realization, like, I get it.
There is a safety on this gun.
It's a gun, but
there is a safety.
And the safety is that you
have shifted from wanting,
thwarted wanting,
and indifference
to some derivative of love.
Unconditional love.
And with unconditional love,
you can't do any wrong.
When I think about it-- you
know, because I tried, right?
I was like, hey, this is great.
I'm going to go win the lottery.
[LAUGH]
Daddy needs--
[LAUGHTER]
--Daddy needs some money.
It doesn't work.
It takes--
>>REGINA: Because
there's too much desire--
>>MCKENNA: Wanting.
>>REGINA: --wanting,
fear behind it.
Yep.
>>MCKENNA: Exactly.
So all the manipulations, right?
Every bit of manipulation,
whether it's a psychic meaning,
I want you to behave
in a certain way,
or I'm so afraid because you've
got a tumor, and I just--
I want it so bad to go away.
And because of that, I
have no effect on it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MCKENNA: The way
I have an effect
is being unattached to
the outcome and being,
for example, in a
state of gratitude.
>>REGINA: Gratitude, yes.
>>MCKENNA: Which brings me to
one of the other discoveries.
And like I said
earlier, these things
continue to get more
and more ridiculous.
And that is that I
understood the ego now.
I understood dimensions.
I understood consciousness
or levels of understanding.
And I was late.
I was late to--
every week, I make
an hour and 45-minute drive
from San Diego to Riverside.
And if I'm out of
the house at 8:15,
I'm going to make it
right at 10 o'clock.
Set the cruise control at 70
so I don't get any tickets.
And anyway, that's
my weekly routine.
I end up a series of
unfortunate events.
I ended up getting out
of the house at 8:45,
half an hour later.
And you know, I had
to get gas as well.
Even later now.
I'm on the road, and
I'm like, you know what?
I started-- it just came to me.
I was like, you know what?
Time's malleable in the
fourth and fifth dimensions.
And all--
>>REGINA: And you're
multidimensional.
>>MCKENNA: We all are.
>>REGINA: Can you transfer
that to traffic patterns
in your car, right?
>>MCKENNA: Can I-- or,
which is another one, which
I can get to.
Or can I actually
get there on time?
And set the speedometer at 70.
What I did is I decided that
I would just feel gratitude
for no reason.
And I did.
I felt gratitude for
everything, gratitude
for everyone in my life,
gratitude for my child,
my wife, for the trees,
for the air, for the fact
that I have hands and gas
in the car, and my breath.
I just felt gratitude
for no reason.
Just, I was very grateful.
And I thought, well, okay I'm
going to be there at 9:55.
I'll be there at 9:55.
And I let go of the
clock, meaning I
didn't look at the clock again.
I let go of my anxiety, right?
So back to the basics.
If I'm late, which I've always
been late before, and I'm like,
I want to be there,
and I'm not--
I'm afraid of if
I don't get there
on time, the repercussions.
Third dimension or back in
my ego, I left it behind.
No anxiety.
>>REGINA: Because there's
no ego in gratitude.
>>MCKENNA: Right.
Just gratitude.
And I set the time.
I think once during the
time, I was like, hey.
You know, you've got to
be-- and I was like, yeah.
9:55, I'll be there.
And I just kept--
I just drove, you know?
Cruise control.
9:55.
Ba-binga!
I was like, what?
I should have been
here later than 10:40.
You know, so anyway,
it actually worked.
I ended up holding a class
and teaching others this,
and the stories came back
even better than my stories,
you know?
>>REGINA: Because
anyone's capable of this
if you can just do those
three things you talked about.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
That's it.
>>REGINA: And you
know, sometimes I
think with people, unless
they've been meditating
for a while or
something like that,
many people have a very hard
time finding what they think
is the state of
unconditional love,
because it's a nebulous
zone, because it's not
a sentimental, familiar
kind of human love.
And what do you think
about various means?
And the first thing that
popped in my mind, for example,
is certain music
that helps lift you
into this state of
just pure openness
and acceptance in the
moment of everything.
Life is beautiful
in that moment.
To give a feeling
of what that's like,
so then you can kind of
magnetize yourself back
into it.
>>MCKENNA: Whatever helps
you to get to that state.
And you know, the
Tibetans, right?
You heard the monks,
and they're all--
[CHANTING]
--and the bowls, and all that.
All the gongs, all that--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And some of it's very
entraining toward that.
Yeah.
>>MCKENNA: That's its purpose.
They have figured
out, its purpose
is to help to put
them into the state,
to shove them up into the
fourth and fifth dimensions.
So it's a tool to
help you get there.
So whatever that is--
>>REGINA: There are
so many CDs alone,
just on whether it's
Tibetan chanting,
or whether it's on
beautiful, you know,
music that just takes
you into ethereal realms.
And you're really talking
about accessing another realm
that our being is familiar with,
even if our conscious, waking
experience isn't familiar with.
It's there.
We go there.
We go there when we go to sleep.
Unless a person is so
deeply, deeply damaged
that they've disconnected
from themselves,
this realm is
available to everyone.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
Yes, it is.
And to give an example of how
available this is, I live down
on the beach in San Diego.
We have a large
population of homeless.
So when I figured
this out, you know,
I went down the boardwalk,
and anybody I could,
I would heal, right?
And I'd say-- you know, they'd
ask for a dollar or whatever,
and I'd give them a dollar.
And I'd say, hey.
You got some pain?
And of course, you know,
if you're homeless, right?
You've got pain.
Yeah, my foot.
OK, what's it at?
It's a five or
something like that.
I was like, OK.
You want it to go away?
OK.
Boom.
Did it.
Worked.
OK.
You got it?
And they were real
happy that their stuff--
they're a little blown away.
I said, OK.
Now you do it to your buddy.
And obviously, you
know, they run in packs.
And it was like, OK.
And I would walk
them through it.
All I want you to do is this.
To see him, your friend
here that's also homeless,
see him as perfect, as
happy, and blissful,
and don't want anything.
Be detached from the outcome.
And boom, they did it,
like, within minutes.
>>REGINA: I love it.
Because even though maybe
in some cases, sometimes
there's alcohol or
drug dependencies,
you know, and we think
that the consciousness
would be maybe a little
more difficult to reach.
But what I'm hearing
you say is that if you
can go into that place of
just visioning that perfection
and love, no matter
what state you're in,
you can affect an outcome.
>>MCKENNA: I can't even
tell you how many--
how many have done it.
>>REGINA: I just love this.
>>MCKENNA: We have a
very empowered population
of homeless in San Diego.
>>REGINA: That is wonderful.
And pain-free, hopefully.
Or approaching pain-free.
What about kids?
Because it seems to me that the
best place to start with this
is with children.
So we make a lifelong
practice, because it
will alter our
reality probably more
than any other single thing in
terms of peaceful relations,
potentials to create closer
to the speed of thought
in a good way.
Our health profile as
we age through life.
Have you done
anything with kids?
>>MCKENNA: You know, I haven't.
I've taught teenagers, and
they're very receptive.
And you know, they take to
it like a fish to water.
>>REGINA: Do you find an age
or kind of a cutoff line where
they can manage this
kind of clear focus,
prior to that where
they simply can't?
I mean, is there a
cutoff age in general?
I know every child is different.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, you know,
I haven't done enough work
through the ages.
I've only worked with
people maybe 16 and older.
You know, that's
probably the threshold.
Very young children, I've
done healings on them,
and they're incredibly
receptive to it.
As a child, maybe a
seven-year-old child
had an earache.
And very, very fast, very
fast, within minutes, the pain
went away, and could hear
fine, and that sort of thing.
So I find them to
be very receptive.
Haven't actually
taught them, but that's
an interesting thing, and
I think I'd like to do it.
>>REGINA: It would be fun
to play maybe with a little
younger group and see
if they're at all--
I mean, there's a point at
which you just can't concentrate
till you're a certain age.
You're fidgety and your
mind's all over the place.
But whatever that point may
be, whether it's nine, 10, 11,
I don't know.
Maybe you have to wait till
people are past puberty.
But this gets into
the concept of what
you brought up before, is
this is a very powerful tool.
You were hesitant to contact
me and talk about it publicly,
for reasons I already
said I understand.
And there's this-- it's not--
I don't even know
if it's a fine line.
But the power of the mind
to override physical reality
and recreate
physical reality has
been well known since the
beginning of humankind.
Things such as black
magicians, you know,
the practicing of
black magic does exist,
and it does have its effect.
How do you interface
with the notion
that you can't heal and get this
sublime outcome without going
into that sublime
state yourself?
And the fact that there are
others who can literally
inject and impose their will
and clear intention for harm,
and have done so
throughout history?
>>MCKENNA: I don't have really
a lot of experience with that.
>>REGINA: Yeah, no, because
it's really the opposite.
>>MCKENNA: It's kind
of the opposite of it.
One thing that I've
found is those things--
that everything is one
big return to sender.
Meaning, I write the letter,
and I sent it out to Joe Blow,
and it's a lie.
Well, he never lies back
to me, but Sally Sue
sends the message back to me.
So very much in reality
it is a return to sender.
And because we're accessing
that realm of oneness,
everything starts
to return faster.
>>REGINA: So we
just have to assume
that we're going to stay over
in this realm of creating
positive, lovely outcomes.
Another realm where
people might be
playing with those
arts in a darker way.
The twain don't-- never
the twain shall meet.
These do not have to intersect.
But I'm just saying,
I'm validating
your original concern that
using clear mental power
can have an outcome,
good or bad.
>>MCKENNA: Well,
in the way that I
am teaching it, and in
my actual experience,
is that the safety is my ego.
And because of the
separation, our ego
makes separation, right?
And the evidence of it
is very, very clear.
In everybody's practical
life right here today,
how many things are
we wanting or upset
about that are not changing?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MCKENNA: You
know, so it's like--
[GROANING], right?
So that is the evidence.
>>REGINA: Yes, it
is the evidence.
>>MCKENNA: And what I'm
showing is the evidence of how
to access it in a way that
will produce a positive--
has no ability to
produce anything
but a positive outcome.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I think what we can do for
ourselves is simply absolutely
reject any kind of
negative visions
that are counter to what you
wish to express or develop
in your life, or in
assisting someone else.
Because otherwise,
those thoughts--
I mean, the power of
thoughts, as we all know--
I don't have to go into that--
can create in any
direction you want.
And as you say, you're
doing it clean and clear.
The other person doesn't have
a particular mindset when
they're on the receiving end.
But just make sure you're not
going into negative mindsets,
because those will also trump.
>>MCKENNA: Typically,
those negative mindsets
are going to drop us down
into the third dimension.
They're going to drop
us down into our ego.
I won't have a negative
thought without a
want, a thwarted want,
or an indifference.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
But when you go to
that next realm,
that stuff doesn't exist.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Any final
thoughts on this, Bill,
that we haven't
gotten around to yet?
>>MCKENNA: No.
That was about it.
I would say that
there's so much more
that can be done with this.
As long somebody has
these basic building
blocks of understanding, they
can start to utilize it today.
And your first experiences
will be shocking.
And I would say to encourage
you to just keep going,
and you won't believe it until
you get five, 10, 15 people--
>>REGINA: Yeah, you need to
validate it for yourself.
>>MCKENNA: You need
to validate it.
Then it'll become true.
>>REGINA: And so just
as a favor to all of us,
go through the simple steps
again for everybody one more
time so when people go
away from this interview,
it's fresh in their minds
what to do, and can go
do it right now.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And animals
respond well to it as well.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
>>REGINA: They
have no resistance.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, they do.
Yeah.
You can do it with their
bowl of water, right?
So quite simply, we'll use
the water example this time.
All I do is the
first thing is, I'll
ask the person, scale of one
to 10, what's it at right now?
Because you need to
have a measurement.
>>REGINA: And it can be
emotional or physical,
whatever.
>>MCKENNA: Doesn't matter.
>>REGINA: What's bothering you?
>>MCKENNA: Whatever.
And then all you do,
tip of the tongue
to the roof of the mouth, and
you see this person or pet
or whoever in the water.
It's lit up like the sun.
And you just see them
in absolute bliss.
You want nothing from them,
you're unafraid of any outcome,
you're unafraid of being judged.
>>REGINA: You're unafraid
of it not working.
>>MCKENNA: Not working.
All you do is just look at--
you see them in perfect--
you want absolutely nothing, not
even an acknowledgement is what
you're--
or to think that, oh, you're
so great, or whatever.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCKENNA: Just that.
You just see them perfect.
You see them in the water.
Hold that thought for maybe
30 seconds or so, 45 seconds,
and then give them the water.
And you have them walk
around a little bit,
and now put it on a
scale of one to 10 again.
It'll drop down from--
let's say it was an eight.
It'll drop down to, let's
say, you know, a seven.
And once that's done, have
them drink a little more,
walk around.
And boom.
It'll start dropping like five,
four, three, zero, you know.
That sort of thing.
So that's basically
how you do it.
It's very simple.
>>REGINA: It is very simple.
And I can verify it
absolutely works.
And you know, it's
such a gift that you've
given to all these people.
I love the fact
you work with kids.
I love the fact you
work with homeless.
work in corporations.
It just shows each one of us--
and you're reminding
us, even if we've
heard some of the
basic principles of,
yeah, we can do this-- but
you're reminding everybody
that it is completely within
their power to go and do this.
Even bending time
with gratitude.
>>MCKENNA: There we go.
>>REGINA: Practical, real,
all coming from a higher place
that we need to be accessing
in ourselves anyway.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So well-- again, I just--
I love what you do and
your enthusiasm about it,
and I'm glad you
did reach out to me.
>>MCKENNA: Thank you.
>>REGINA: And it was good to
see you again after these years.
>>MCKENNA: Likewise.
>>REGINA: And by the
way, it's interesting.
You don't have anything to sell.
You don't even have a website.
This is a freebie.
It's a gift to all of us.
Thanks again.
>>MCKENNA: You're welcome.
>>REGINA: All right.
I hope you found this
useful and uplifting.
To connect with Bill, you
can go to his Facebook
page, The Only Lesson.
His email is
theonlylesson@yahoo.com
if you want to get a
hold of him directly.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]